H.R. McMaster: Russia is trying to 'break apart Europe' with disinformation and propaganda

Japan Calls For Denuclearized World On 72nd Anniversary Of Hiroshima

Venezuela arrests over 'uprising attempt' - A leading member of the Venezuelan government says arrests have been made after soldiers apparently tried to launch an uprising against President Maduro

Netanyahu's top aide turning state's witness leaves little doubt: The PM will be indicted

Israel moves to close Al Jazeera, ban its journalists

Climate change to cause humid heatwaves that will kill even healthy people

Mexico considers importing avocados as staple priced out of consumers' reach | Country that produces almost half the world’s avocados contemplates the unthinkable as dietary staple becomes too costly for ordinary Mexicans

Britain extradites televangelist to Kenya - infertile women were convinced he provided "miracle babies" through prayer, babies actually stolen from local hospitals

A new HIV prevention drug will be made available for free to thousands of NHS patients in September: The pioneering PrEP will be rolled out to sexual health clinics in cities around the UK, including London, Manchester and Brighton

Gunman kills 8 worshippers at Catholic Church, injures 18 in Nigeria

Africa has entered the space race, with Ghana’s first satellite now orbiting earth

Heavily armed Brazilian army troops and police launched a pre-dawn crackdown Saturday on gangs operating out of slums across Rio de Janeiro, following a steep rise in crime. Their main goal was to stop gangs behind a surge in brazen robberies of commercial trucks.

North Korea warned by US 'we are not playing anymore' as UN imposes new sanctions

'It's memorycide': Turkey dismantles monuments to Kurdish culture

Qatar purchases warships from Italy in $5.9 billion deal

Tiny 'meat-loving' marine creatures 'eat' [human] teenager's legs at Melbourne beach. Experts left stunned by possible sea lice bites after Sam Kanizay emerged from the beach at Brighton with severe bleeding.

North Korea: China urges North Korea to stop missile tests - BBC News

Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'. Trump has spent 58 days out of his first 195 at the properties he owns.

Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe: An overseas trip to contact a former British spy exposes friction among House, Senate investigators and special counsel Robert Mueller.

Atheists organise gathering in Malaysia and cause a media storm. Government to "take action".

An Indian boxer won a title fight against a Chinese opponent before offering to hand back the prize as a gesture of peace between the two nations which are locked in a territorial dispute in the Himalayas.

British model kidnapped in Milan as captor 'tried get $300,000 ransom before auctioning her online'

Consensus of focus groups: Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull is "a huge disappointment who's been held back by his own party and has not made even one improvement to the people's lives"

Tesla Model S Sets New Record For Distance Traveled On One Charge: 1078 km (669.83) miles with Tesla ModelS 100D

Saudi Arabia accused of 'disregard' for human life by United Nations following air strike which killed 12 in Yemen